# General Coding Challenge

## Requirements

This challenge **must be completed in either C++, Swift, or JavaScript** (sorry Python ppl lmao).

## Instructions

### Background

A core feature of Radius is Circles, which is essentially a news feed of content generated by your friends. For this task, there are two important data structures:

#### Post

A Post object encapsulates data about a single post that would appear on the feed. It has the following data properties:

- `id`
  - A unique **String** which identifies each post.
- `contents`
  - The **String** containing the contents of the post
- `likes`
  - A **list of Strings** containing all of the IDs of the Users (explained below) that have liked this post
    - **There are no guarantees made on the order of these elements**.
- `timestamp`
  - An **unsigned integer** representing the time the post was made. For example, the number of seconds that have passed since the 2019 New Year when the post was made.

#### User

A User object encapsulates data about a single user. It has the following data properties:

- `id`
  - A unique **String** which identifies each user.
- `feed`
  - A **list of Strings** containing the IDs of all posts that should appear on this User's feed. 
    - **There are no guarantees made on the order of these elements**.

### Your Task

You need to implement two functions in one of the aforementioned languages (**C++, Swift, or JavaScript**):

#### getLikedPosts

Write a function named `getLikedPosts()` that:

- Takes in two parameters:
  - `user`, a single User object.
  - `posts`, a list of Post objects representing **unique** posts.
- Returns:
  - A list of Post objects containing all posts in `posts` that were liked by `user`, **ordered by timestamp**. The first object in the list should be the oldest post (i.e. the post with the **smallest** timestamp).
- Notes
  - **There are no guarantees** made on the order of objects in the `posts` parameter.
  - If two or more posts have the exact same timestamp, order does not matter for them (as long as they are in the correct position relative to the rest of the list).
  - Of course, if there are no posts in `posts` that have been liked by `user`, just return an empty list.

#### getFeeds

Write a function named `getFeeds()` that:

- Takes in two parameters:
  - `users`, a list of User objects representing **unique** users.
  - `posts`, a list of Post objects representing **unique** posts.
- Returns:
  - A key-value data structure whose key is the **ID** (i.e. string) of a user and whose value is a list of Post objects, **ordered by timestamp.** The first object in the list should be the oldest post (i.e. the post with the **smallest** timestamp).
  - The return value contains the ID of every single user in `users` as well as all of the Post objects in `posts` whose ID is a contained in that user's `feed`.
  - **Intuitively:** 
    - Suppose that an Instagram user (call them ABG_supreme) has 2000 followers. When ABG_supreme posts a photo, we don't store 2000 copies of that post for each of her followers (that would be a loooooot of data). Rather, we assign that post a unique ID and instead create 2000 copies of that ID; one for each follower's feed. If you're curious, Radius uses a method known as [fan-out-on-write](https://www.quora.com/What-is-fan-out-write-and-fan-out-read-in-scalability) for its feeds.
    - When a user fetches their feed, they fetch a list of post IDs (just strings) and then individual queries are made for each of those posts. This allows for additional optimizations such as lazy post data fetching.
    - For the function you're writing, think of `posts` as a collection of all posts that have ever been made. Then, given a list of users and all of the post IDs that should show up in each of their feeds, fetch and create the appropriate Post objects that actually contain all of the data.
- Notes
  - **There are no guarantees** made on the order of objects in the `users` parameter.
  - **There are no guarantees** made on the order of objects in the `posts` parameter.
  - Refer to the "Background" section above for information on order of elements in User and Post data members.
  - If a User has a post ID in its `feed` data member that does not exist in `posts`, ignore that post ID and continue to the next.

### Additional Notes

- There are three files to be filled out in this GitHub repo. Just fill out one of them with your solutions. **Do not modify any of the function signatures or class declarations.**
- Of course, we are not solely judging for correctness: style, clarity, and performance also matter.

#### Language-Specific Notes

- C++
  - You **may** include any additional libraries **in the STL** that you'd like.
- Swift
  - You **may not** include any additional libraries or Pods.
- JavaScript
  - You **may** assume that the code will be run in the latest version of node.js.
  - You **may not** include any additional libraries or packages.

## Submission

Fill out one of the files in this GitHub repo with your solutions (**do not modify any of the function signatures**) and submit that file as is. That is, you will be submitting **one** out of:

- **radius.cpp**
- **radius.swift**
- **radius.js**