# iOS Coding Challenge - Pretty Good Pokedex

## Introduction

Professor Birch has paid you, a freelance iOS developer, to build a Pokedex app. For whatever reason, you decide to outsource the development to another sketchy/not-that-good team (named Shih Tea Apps), figuring that they can do most of the heavy-lifting and then you'll just fix the bugs in the app. Upon receiving the app, however, you find a few things:

- Shih Tea Apps insists on using a very hip new iOS architecture called **Clean Swift**. They provide you with a link to the official [Clean Swift Example](https://clean-swift.com/clean-swift-ios-architecture/) as well as some other Shih Tea notes that they took. They claim:
  - The purpose of Clean Swift is to decouple View Logic, Business (Back-end) Logic, and Presentation Logic into distinct classes.
  - Clean Swift heavily leverages protocols to make writing unit tests very easy.
  - Clean Swift mainly involves three objects - View Controllers, Interactors, and Presenters.
  - Any time you want to handle a user-generated event: submitting a form, triggering a data fetch, etc. you start a **VIP Cycle** to accomplish it. 
    - VIP Cycles start in the **View Controller** and might be generated by a button tap or a pull-to-refresh, for example. 
    - The View Controller requests the **Interactor** to make back-end calls to fetch raw data it needs. 
    - The Interactor then passes raw data to the **Presenter** which is responsible for formatting it - determining what color the text needs to be, whether it needs to be capitalized, etc. 
    - The VIP cycle terminates when the Presenter asks the **View Controller** to display the data that it has formatted.
  - Each of the components of the VIP cycle (i.e. getting the data, presenting the data, displaying the data) is designed to be implemented as an [idempotent](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1077412/what-is-an-idempotent-operation) function - given the same input parameters, the **output will always be the same.**
- Shih Tea Apps insists on **using zero Storyboards**.

## Instructions

As expected, the app has quite a few bugs. In fact:

- It has **5 serious bugs** that prevent the app from being usable.
- The **only** source files that you will need to modify are inside the folder named "Pokemon".
- There is room for additional performance improvements if you have time.
- You're supposed to be able to tap on a Pokemon to see more info about it, but you don't have enough time to implement this feature. **However, at the very least,** you'd like to print something to the console whenever a cell is tapped.

Finally, Professor Birch has a few more instructions for you:

- There is a video named **app.mov** that shows you what the app is supposed to look like **exactly**.
- You **must not force unwrap** an optional anywhere in the code.
- You **may not install** any additional Pods.
- You **may not create any storyboards or .xib files**.
- Ensure that you open the **.xcworkspace** file and not the **.xcodeproj** file if you want to test the app.

## Submission

To complete the project, create a .zip file named "\<YourName\>-ios.zip" of the following files:

- **PokemonCollectionViewCell.swift**
- **PokemonViewController.swift**
- **PokemonInteractor.swift**
- **PokemonPresenter.swift**
- **PokemonDataModels.swift**

